---
Date: 2024-03-19
Time: 14:45-15:30 (45 min)
Location: Drebbelweg - Project Room 3
Chair: Vanesa Mitseva
"Minute Taker": Nathan Huisman
Attendees: Nathan Huisman, Noah Swartjes, Ruben van der Giessen, Matei Aruxandei, Andreea GrigoraÈ™, Vanesa Mitseva, Mike Segers
---

- Opening
  - meeting opened at 14:48
- Team Announcements
  - We presented the current state of the application to the TA
    - Expenses
- Approval of last minutes
- Announcements by TA
  - We are on track
  - Grade technology
    - There is still a lot to improve
    - We get the same rubric that the TAs use to grade our project
    - Agendas should contain review of previous week and TODOs for everyone
  - This week he will be grading us on HCI
    - Rubric is available on brightspace
    - Feedback this week is formative
    - Add clear instructions to run the application in the README
  - We will also be graded on testing (formative)
    - Coverage: Right now our coverage isn't looking _that_ great (24%)
    - Mocking: Do we use mocking in the right way
    - Endpoint/integration testing we are already doing
  - At the end of week 7 we will have to have a product pitch. (formative)
    - It has to be in the form of a video or a powerpoint
- Talking Points
  - Viewed events : Should the arrow forward or only fill invite code?
    - Decided to leave it as is: It fills the invite code
  - More validation to IBAN (Nathan)
    - IBAN has a checksum which we can use to add extra validation
      -> nice to have, but not necessary
  - Discuss date and time formats
    - JSON data dump is done by the library, for some reason it outputs arrays.
      But it just works so we'll keep it this way.
  - Discuss text area block (Andreea)
    - Text in the box persists when the view is closed and opened again
  - Add more details to issues
    - Add time tracking
    - Definition of done
  - Make more milestones for the upcoming weeks and create an actual planning
  - Open new dialog instead of replacing application window (Nathan)
    - Adding/editing expenses/participants should be a popup
- Closing
  - Meeting closed at 15:32
